packages/labs/src/components/timezone-input/timezone-input.md, before:

@# Timezone Input

`TimezoneInput` allows the user to input a timezone by selecting from a list of timezones.

A `date` is required to determine the timezone offsets.
This is because a timezone usually has more than one offset from UTC due to daylight saving time.
See [here](https://momentjs.com/guides/#/lib-concepts/timezone-offset/)
and [here](http://momentjs.com/timezone/docs/#/using-timezones/parsing-ambiguous-inputs/)
for more information.

[Moment Timezone](http://momentjs.com/timezone/) is used internally,
for the list of available timezones and timezone metadata.

The initial list (shown before filtering) shows one timezone per timezone offset,
using the most populous location for each offset.
Moment Timezone uses this same heuristic for [guessing](http://momentjs.com/timezone/docs/#/using-timezones/guessing-user-timezone/) the user's timezone.

@reactExample TimezoneInputExample

```tsx
import { TimezoneInput } from "@blueprintjs/core";

export interface ITimezoneExampleState {
    date: Date;
}

export class TimezoneExample extends React.PureComponent<{}, ITimezoneExampleState> {
    public state: ITimezoneExampleState = {
        date: new Date(),
    };

    public render() {
        return (
            <TimezoneInput
                date={this.state.date}
                onTimezoneSelect={this.handleTimezoneSelect}
            />
        );
    }

    private handleTimezoneSelect = (timezone: string) => {
        console.log("Selected timezone:", timezone);
    }
}
```

@## JavaScript API

@interface ITimezoneInputProps

Commit message:

Clean up props; Add documentation

packages/labs/src/components/timezone-input/timezone-input.md, after:

@# Timezone Input

`TimezoneInput` allows the user select from a list of timezones.

[Moment Timezone](http://momentjs.com/timezone/) is used internally,
for the list of available timezones and timezone metadata.

This component can be used in controlled or uncontrolled mode.
Use the `onChange` prop to listen for changes to the selected timezone.
You can control the selected timezone by setting the `value` prop.
Or, use the component in uncontrolled mode and specify an initial timezone by setting `defaultValue`.

The `date` prop is used to determine the timezone offsets.
This is because a timezone usually has more than one offset from UTC due to daylight saving time.
See [here](https://momentjs.com/guides/#/lib-concepts/timezone-offset/)
and [here](http://momentjs.com/timezone/docs/#/using-timezones/parsing-ambiguous-inputs/)
for more information.

The initial list (shown before filtering) shows one timezone per timezone offset,
using the most populous location for each offset.
Moment Timezone uses a similar heuristic for
[guessing](http://momentjs.com/timezone/docs/#/using-timezones/guessing-user-timezone/) the user's timezone.

Note about `defaultToLocalTimezone` and `showLocalTimezone`:
We cannot guarantee that we'll get the correct local timezone in all browsers.
In supported browsers, the Internationalization API is used.
In other browsers, Date methods and a population heuristic are used.
See [Moment Timezone's documentation](https://momentjs.com/timezone/docs/#/using-timezones/guessing-user-timezone/)
for more information.

@reactExample TimezoneInputExample

```tsx
import { TimezoneInput } from "@blueprintjs/core";

export interface ITimezoneExampleState {
    date: Date;
}

export class TimezoneExample extends React.PureComponent<{}, ITimezoneExampleState> {
    public state: ITimezoneExampleState = {
        date: new Date(),
    };

    public render() {
        return (
            <TimezoneInput
                date={this.state.date}
                onTimezoneSelect={this.handleTimezoneSelect}
            />
        );
    }

    private handleTimezoneSelect = (timezone: string) => {
        console.log("Selected timezone:", timezone);
    }
}
```

@## JavaScript API

@interface ITimezoneInputProps
