packages/labs/src/labs.md, before:

@# Labs

<div class="pt-callout pt-intent-warning pt-icon-info-sign">
    <h5>Under construction</h5>
    The **[@blueprintjs/labs](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@blueprintjs/labs)** NPM package contains **unstable React components under active development by team members**. It is an incubator and staging area for components as we refine the API design; as such, this package will never reach 1.0.0, and every minor version should be considered breaking.
</div>

@## Select

Use `Select<T>` for choosing one item from a list. The component's children will be wrapped in a `Popover` that contains the list and an optional `InputGroup` to filter it. Provide a predicate to customize the filtering algorithm. The value of a `Select<T>` (the currently chosen item) is uncontrolled: listen to changes with `onItemSelect`.

@reactExample SelectExample

```tsx
import { Button, MenuItem } from "@blueprintjs/core";
import { Select } from "@blueprintjs/labs";
import { Film, TOP_100_FILMS, filterFilm, renderFilm } from "./demoData";

// Select<T> is a generic component to work with your data types.
// In TypeScript, you must first obtain a non-generic reference:
const FilmSelect = Select.ofType<Film>();

ReactDOM.render(
    <FilmSelect
        items={TOP_100_FILMS}
        itemPredicate={filterFilm}
        itemRenderer={renderFilm}
        noResults={<MenuItem disabled text="No results." />}
        onItemSelect={...}
    >
        {/* children become the popover target; render value here */}
        <Button text={TOP_100_FILMS[0].title} rightIconName="double-caret-vertical" />
    </FilmSelect>,
    document.querySelector("#root")
);
```

In TypeScript, `Select<T>` is a *generic component* so you must define a local type that specifies `<T>`, the type of one item in `items`. The props on this local type will now operate on your data type (speak your language) so you can easily define handlers without transformation steps, but most props are required as a result. The static `Select.ofType<T>()` method is available to streamline this process. (Note that this has no effect on JavaScript usage: the `Select` export is a perfectly valid React component class.)

@### Querying

Supply a predicate to automatically query items based on the `InputGroup` value. Use `itemPredicate` to filter each item individually; this is great for lightweight searches. Use `itemListPredicate` to query the entire array in one go, and even reorder it, such as with [fuzz-aldrin-plus](https://github.com/jeancroy/fuzz-aldrin-plus). The array of filtered items is cached internally by `QueryList` state and only recomputed when `query` or `items`-related props change.

If the query returns no results or `items` is empty, then `noResults` will be rendered in place of the usual list.

Omitting both `itemPredicate` and `itemListPredicate` props will cause the component to always render all `items`. It will not hide the `InputGroup`; use the `filterable` prop for that. In this case, you can implement your own filtering and simply change the `items` prop.

@### Controlled usage

The `InputGroup` value is managed by `Select`'s internal state and is not exposed via props. If you would like to control it, you can circumvent `Select` state by passing your `value` state and `onChange` handler to `inputProps`. You can then query the `items` array directly and omit both predicate props.

```tsx
// controlling query involves controlling the input and doing your own filtering
<FilmSelect
    inputProps={{ value: this.state.myQuery, onChange: this.handleChange }}
    items={myFilter(ALL_ITEMS, this.state.myQuery)}
    itemRenderer={...}
    onItemSelect={...}
/>
```

This "escape hatch" can be used to implement all sorts of advanced behavior on top of the basic `Select` interactions, such as windowed filtering for large data sets.

@### JavaScript API

@interface ISelectProps

@#### Item Renderer API

An object with the following properties will be passed to a `Select` `itemRenderer`, for each item being rendered. Only items which pass the predicate will be rendered. Don't forget to define a `key` for each item, or face React's console wrath!

This interface is generic, accepting a type parameter `<T>` for an item in the list.

```tsx
import { Classes, MenuItem } from "@blueprintjs/core";
import { Select, ISelectItemRendererProps } from "@blueprintjs/labs";
const FilmSelect = Select.ofType<Film>();

const renderMenuItem = ({ handleClick, item: film, isActive }: ISelectItemRendererProps<Film>) => (
    <MenuItem
        className={isActive ? Classes.ACTIVE : ""}
        key={film.title}
        label={film.year}
        onClick={handleClick}
        text={film.title}
    />
);

<FilmSelect itemRenderer={renderMenuItem} items={...} onItemSelect={...} />
```

@interface ISelectItemRendererProps

@## MultiSelect

Use `MultiSelect<T>` for choosing multiple items in a list. The component renders a `TagInput` wrapped in a `Popover`. Similarly to `Select`, you can pass in a predicate to customize the filtering algorithm. Selection of a `MultiSelect<T>` is controlled: listen to changes with `onItemSelect`.

<div class="pt-callout pt-intent-primary pt-icon-info-sign">
    <h5>Generic components and custom filtering</h5>
    For more information on controlled usage, generic components and custom filtering, visit the documentation for [`Select<T>`](#labs.select).
</div>

@reactExample MultiSelectExample

@interface IMultiSelectProps

@interface ISelectItemRendererProps

@## Omnibox

`Omnibox<T>` is a macOS Spotlight-style typeahead component composing `Overlay` and `QueryList<T>`. Usage is similar to `Select<T>`: provide your items and a predicate to customize the filtering algorithm. The component is fully controlled via the `isOpen` prop, which means you can decide exactly how to trigger the component. The following example responds to a button and a hotkey.

@reactExample OmniboxExample

@interface IOmniboxProps

@## QueryList

`QueryList<T>` is a higher-order component that provides interactions between a query string and a list of items. Specifically, it implements the two predicate props describe above and provides keyboard selection. It does not render anything on its own, instead deferring to a `renderer` prop to perform the actual composition of components.

`QueryList<T>` is a generic component where `<T>` represents the type of one item in the array of `items`. The static method `QueryList.ofType<T>()` is available to simplify the TypeScript usage.

If the `Select` interactions are not sufficient for your use case, you can use `QueryList` directly to render your own components while leveraging basic interactions for keyboard selection and filtering. The `Select` source code is a great place to start when implementing a custom `QueryList` `renderer`.

@interface IQueryListProps

@### Renderer API

An object with the following properties will be passed to an `QueryList` `renderer`. Required properties will always be defined;  optional ones will only be defined if they are passed as props to the `QueryList`.

This interface is generic, accepting a type parameter `<T>` for an item in the list.

@interface IQueryListRendererProps

@## TagInput

`TagInput` renders [`Tag`](#core/components/tag)s inside an input, followed by an actual text input. The container is merely styled to look like a Blueprint input; the actual editable element appears after the last tag. Clicking anywhere on the container will focus the text input for seamless interaction.

@reactExample TagInputExample

**`TagInput` must be controlled,** meaning the `values` prop is required and event handlers are strongly suggested. Typing in the input and pressing <kbd class="pt-key">enter</kbd> will **add new items** by invoking callbacks. A `separator` prop is supported to allow multiple items to be added at once; the default splits on commas.

**Tags can be removed** by clicking their <span class="pt-icon-standard pt-icon-cross"></span> buttons, or by pressing <kbd class="pt-key">backspace</kbd> repeatedly. Arrow keys can also be used to focus on a particular tag before removing it. The cursor must be at the beginning of the text input for these interactions.

**`Tag` appearance can be customized** with `tagProps`: supply an object to apply the same props to every tag, or supply a callback to apply dynamic props per tag. Tag `values` must be an array of strings so you may need a transformation step between your state and these props.

`TagInput` provides granular `onAdd` and `onRemove` **event props**, which are passed the added or removed items in response to the user interactions above. It also provides `onChange`, which combines both events and is passed the updated `values` array, with new items appended to the end and removed items filtered away. Supply `inputProps` to customize the `<input>` element or add your own event handlers.

<div class="pt-callout pt-intent-primary pt-icon-info-sign">
    <h5>Handling long words</h5>
    Set an explicit `width` on `.pt-tag-input` to cause long words to wrap onto multiple lines. Either supply a specific pixel value, or use `<TagInput className="pt-fill">` to fill its container's width (try this in the example above).
</div>

@interface ITagInputProps

@## Popover 2.0

**Changes from original [`Popover`](#core/components/popover):**

- 🌟 [Popper.js](https://popper.js.org) is a massive improvement over [Tether](http://tether.io/) in almost every way!
  - all the fancy flipping behavior you could want _enabled by default_
  - endlessly customizable if it isn't perfect _enough_ for you
  - look, it puts the arrow exactly where it's supposed to be. _every time._ what more could a blueprint dev want??
- all the classic `Popover` features are still supported, with the same names...
- ...except for the handful of Tether-specific props, which are now Popper.js-specific:
  - 🔥 `position: Position` &rarr; `placement: PopperJS.Placement`
  - 🔥 `tetherOptions: ITetherOptions` &rarr; `modifiers: PopperJS.Modifiers`
- ...and one special addition:
  - 🌟 `minimal: boolean` applies minimal styles, which includes removing the arrow and minimizing the transition

@reactExample Popover2Example

@interface IPopover2Props

@### Placement

Valid placements are:

- `auto`
- `top`
- `right`
- `bottom`
- `left`

Each placement can have a suffix from this list, which determines the alignment along the opposite axis:

- `-start`
- <small>_(nothing)_</small>
- `-end`

For `top` and `bottom`, `-start` means left and `-end` means right. For `left` and `right`, `-start` means top and `-end` means bottom.

Therefore, `top-start` places the Popover along the top edge of the target and their left sides will be aligned.
And `right-end` places the Popover along the right edge with their bottom sides aligned.

`auto` will choose the best suitable placement given the Popover's position within its boundary element.

<div class="pt-callout pt-intent-primary pt-icon-info-sign">
    Read more in [the Popper.js Placement documentation](https://popper.js.org/popper-documentation.html#Popper.placements).
</div>

@### Modifiers

Modifiers are the tool through which you customize Popper.js's behavior. It defines several of its own modifiers to handle things such as flipping, preventing overflow from a boundary element, and positioning the arrow. `Popover` defines a few additional modifiers to support itself. You can even define your own modifiers, and customize the Popper.js defaults, through the `modifiers` prop. (Note: it is not currently possible to configure `Popover`'s modifiers through the `modifiers` prop, nor can you define your own with the same name.)

**Popper.js modifiers, which can be customized via the `modifiers` prop:**

- [`shift`](https://popper.js.org/popper-documentation.html#modifiers..shift) applies the `-start`/`-end` portion of placement
- [`offset`](https://popper.js.org/popper-documentation.html#modifiers..offset) can be configured to move the popper on both axes using a CSS-like syntax
- [`preventOverflow`](https://popper.js.org/popper-documentation.html#modifiers..preventOverflow) prevents the popper from being positioned outside the boundary
- [`keepTogether`](https://popper.js.org/popper-documentation.html#modifiers..keepTogether) ensures the popper stays near to its reference without leaving any gap.
- [`arrow`](https://popper.js.org/popper-documentation.html#modifiers..arrow) computes the arrow position.
- [`flip`](https://popper.js.org/popper-documentation.html#modifiers..flip) flips the popper's placement when it starts to overlap its reference element.
- [`inner`](https://popper.js.org/popper-documentation.html#modifiers..inner) makes the popper flow toward the inner of the reference element (disabled by default).
- [`hide`](https://popper.js.org/popper-documentation.html#modifiers..hide) hides the popper when its reference element is outside of the popper boundaries.
- [`computeStyle`](https://popper.js.org/popper-documentation.html#modifiers..computeStyle) generates the CSS styles to apply to the DOM

**`Popover` modifiers, _which cannot be used by you_:**

- `arrowOffset` moves the popper a little bit to make room for the arrow
- `updatePopoverState` saves off some popper data to `Popover` React state for fancy things

<div class="pt-callout pt-intent-primary pt-icon-info-sign">
    To understand all the Popper.js modifiers available to you, you'll want to read [the Popper.js Modifiers documentation](https://popper.js.org/popper-documentation.html#modifiers).
</div>

Commit message:

[Labs] Tooltip 2 (#1438)
* isDisabled -> disabled
isModal -> hasBackdrop

* Initial Tooltip 2 implementation

* Fix Popover 2 tests

* Move docs

* Remove unnecessary props

* Remove unnecessary import

* Add type to target variable

* Add type to target variable

* Uncontrolled mode now working

* Add more props

* Add some docs

* Remove unnecessary word

packages/labs/src/labs.md, after:

@# Labs

<div class="pt-callout pt-intent-warning pt-icon-info-sign">
    <h5>Under construction</h5>
    The **[@blueprintjs/labs](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@blueprintjs/labs)** NPM package contains **unstable React components under active development by team members**. It is an incubator and staging area for components as we refine the API design; as such, this package will never reach 1.0.0, and every minor version should be considered breaking.
</div>

@## Select

Use `Select<T>` for choosing one item from a list. The component's children will be wrapped in a `Popover` that contains the list and an optional `InputGroup` to filter it. Provide a predicate to customize the filtering algorithm. The value of a `Select<T>` (the currently chosen item) is uncontrolled: listen to changes with `onItemSelect`.

@reactExample SelectExample

```tsx
import { Button, MenuItem } from "@blueprintjs/core";
import { Select } from "@blueprintjs/labs";
import { Film, TOP_100_FILMS, filterFilm, renderFilm } from "./demoData";

// Select<T> is a generic component to work with your data types.
// In TypeScript, you must first obtain a non-generic reference:
const FilmSelect = Select.ofType<Film>();

ReactDOM.render(
    <FilmSelect
        items={TOP_100_FILMS}
        itemPredicate={filterFilm}
        itemRenderer={renderFilm}
        noResults={<MenuItem disabled text="No results." />}
        onItemSelect={...}
    >
        {/* children become the popover target; render value here */}
        <Button text={TOP_100_FILMS[0].title} rightIconName="double-caret-vertical" />
    </FilmSelect>,
    document.querySelector("#root")
);
```

In TypeScript, `Select<T>` is a *generic component* so you must define a local type that specifies `<T>`, the type of one item in `items`. The props on this local type will now operate on your data type (speak your language) so you can easily define handlers without transformation steps, but most props are required as a result. The static `Select.ofType<T>()` method is available to streamline this process. (Note that this has no effect on JavaScript usage: the `Select` export is a perfectly valid React component class.)

@### Querying

Supply a predicate to automatically query items based on the `InputGroup` value. Use `itemPredicate` to filter each item individually; this is great for lightweight searches. Use `itemListPredicate` to query the entire array in one go, and even reorder it, such as with [fuzz-aldrin-plus](https://github.com/jeancroy/fuzz-aldrin-plus). The array of filtered items is cached internally by `QueryList` state and only recomputed when `query` or `items`-related props change.

If the query returns no results or `items` is empty, then `noResults` will be rendered in place of the usual list.

Omitting both `itemPredicate` and `itemListPredicate` props will cause the component to always render all `items`. It will not hide the `InputGroup`; use the `filterable` prop for that. In this case, you can implement your own filtering and simply change the `items` prop.

@### Controlled usage

The `InputGroup` value is managed by `Select`'s internal state and is not exposed via props. If you would like to control it, you can circumvent `Select` state by passing your `value` state and `onChange` handler to `inputProps`. You can then query the `items` array directly and omit both predicate props.

```tsx
// controlling query involves controlling the input and doing your own filtering
<FilmSelect
    inputProps={{ value: this.state.myQuery, onChange: this.handleChange }}
    items={myFilter(ALL_ITEMS, this.state.myQuery)}
    itemRenderer={...}
    onItemSelect={...}
/>
```

This "escape hatch" can be used to implement all sorts of advanced behavior on top of the basic `Select` interactions, such as windowed filtering for large data sets.

@### JavaScript API

@interface ISelectProps

@#### Item Renderer API

An object with the following properties will be passed to a `Select` `itemRenderer`, for each item being rendered. Only items which pass the predicate will be rendered. Don't forget to define a `key` for each item, or face React's console wrath!

This interface is generic, accepting a type parameter `<T>` for an item in the list.

```tsx
import { Classes, MenuItem } from "@blueprintjs/core";
import { Select, ISelectItemRendererProps } from "@blueprintjs/labs";
const FilmSelect = Select.ofType<Film>();

const renderMenuItem = ({ handleClick, item: film, isActive }: ISelectItemRendererProps<Film>) => (
    <MenuItem
        className={isActive ? Classes.ACTIVE : ""}
        key={film.title}
        label={film.year}
        onClick={handleClick}
        text={film.title}
    />
);

<FilmSelect itemRenderer={renderMenuItem} items={...} onItemSelect={...} />
```

@interface ISelectItemRendererProps

@## MultiSelect

Use `MultiSelect<T>` for choosing multiple items in a list. The component renders a `TagInput` wrapped in a `Popover`. Similarly to `Select`, you can pass in a predicate to customize the filtering algorithm. Selection of a `MultiSelect<T>` is controlled: listen to changes with `onItemSelect`.

<div class="pt-callout pt-intent-primary pt-icon-info-sign">
    <h5>Generic components and custom filtering</h5>
    For more information on controlled usage, generic components and custom filtering, visit the documentation for [`Select<T>`](#labs.select).
</div>

@reactExample MultiSelectExample

@interface IMultiSelectProps

@interface ISelectItemRendererProps

@## Omnibox

`Omnibox<T>` is a macOS Spotlight-style typeahead component composing `Overlay` and `QueryList<T>`. Usage is similar to `Select<T>`: provide your items and a predicate to customize the filtering algorithm. The component is fully controlled via the `isOpen` prop, which means you can decide exactly how to trigger the component. The following example responds to a button and a hotkey.

@reactExample OmniboxExample

@interface IOmniboxProps

@## QueryList

`QueryList<T>` is a higher-order component that provides interactions between a query string and a list of items. Specifically, it implements the two predicate props describe above and provides keyboard selection. It does not render anything on its own, instead deferring to a `renderer` prop to perform the actual composition of components.

`QueryList<T>` is a generic component where `<T>` represents the type of one item in the array of `items`. The static method `QueryList.ofType<T>()` is available to simplify the TypeScript usage.

If the `Select` interactions are not sufficient for your use case, you can use `QueryList` directly to render your own components while leveraging basic interactions for keyboard selection and filtering. The `Select` source code is a great place to start when implementing a custom `QueryList` `renderer`.

@interface IQueryListProps

@### Renderer API

An object with the following properties will be passed to an `QueryList` `renderer`. Required properties will always be defined;  optional ones will only be defined if they are passed as props to the `QueryList`.

This interface is generic, accepting a type parameter `<T>` for an item in the list.

@interface IQueryListRendererProps

@## TagInput

`TagInput` renders [`Tag`](#core/components/tag)s inside an input, followed by an actual text input. The container is merely styled to look like a Blueprint input; the actual editable element appears after the last tag. Clicking anywhere on the container will focus the text input for seamless interaction.

@reactExample TagInputExample

**`TagInput` must be controlled,** meaning the `values` prop is required and event handlers are strongly suggested. Typing in the input and pressing <kbd class="pt-key">enter</kbd> will **add new items** by invoking callbacks. A `separator` prop is supported to allow multiple items to be added at once; the default splits on commas.

**Tags can be removed** by clicking their <span class="pt-icon-standard pt-icon-cross"></span> buttons, or by pressing <kbd class="pt-key">backspace</kbd> repeatedly. Arrow keys can also be used to focus on a particular tag before removing it. The cursor must be at the beginning of the text input for these interactions.

**`Tag` appearance can be customized** with `tagProps`: supply an object to apply the same props to every tag, or supply a callback to apply dynamic props per tag. Tag `values` must be an array of strings so you may need a transformation step between your state and these props.

`TagInput` provides granular `onAdd` and `onRemove` **event props**, which are passed the added or removed items in response to the user interactions above. It also provides `onChange`, which combines both events and is passed the updated `values` array, with new items appended to the end and removed items filtered away. Supply `inputProps` to customize the `<input>` element or add your own event handlers.

<div class="pt-callout pt-intent-primary pt-icon-info-sign">
    <h5>Handling long words</h5>
    Set an explicit `width` on `.pt-tag-input` to cause long words to wrap onto multiple lines. Either supply a specific pixel value, or use `<TagInput className="pt-fill">` to fill its container's width (try this in the example above).
</div>

@interface ITagInputProps

@## Popover 2.0

**Changes from original [`Popover`](#core/components/popover):**

- 🌟 [Popper.js](https://popper.js.org) is a massive improvement over [Tether](http://tether.io/) in almost every way!
  - all the fancy flipping behavior you could want _enabled by default_
  - endlessly customizable if it isn't perfect _enough_ for you
  - look, it puts the arrow exactly where it's supposed to be. _every time._ what more could a blueprint dev want??
- all the classic `Popover` features are still supported, with the same names except...
  - 🔥 `isModal` &rarr; `hasBackdrop`
  - 🔥 `isDisabled` &rarr; `disabled`
- ...and except for the handful of Tether-specific props, which are now Popper.js-specific:
  - 🔥 `position: Position` &rarr; `placement: PopperJS.Placement`
  - 🔥 `tetherOptions: ITetherOptions` &rarr; `modifiers: PopperJS.Modifiers`
- ...and one special addition:
  - 🌟 `minimal: boolean` applies minimal styles, which includes removing the arrow and minimizing the transition

@reactExample Popover2Example

@interface IPopover2Props

@### Placement

Valid placements are:

- `auto`
- `top`
- `right`
- `bottom`
- `left`

Each placement can have a suffix from this list, which determines the alignment along the opposite axis:

- `-start`
- <small>_(nothing)_</small>
- `-end`

For `top` and `bottom`, `-start` means left and `-end` means right. For `left` and `right`, `-start` means top and `-end` means bottom.

Therefore, `top-start` places the Popover along the top edge of the target and their left sides will be aligned.
And `right-end` places the Popover along the right edge with their bottom sides aligned.

`auto` will choose the best suitable placement given the Popover's position within its boundary element.

<div class="pt-callout pt-intent-primary pt-icon-info-sign">
    Read more in [the Popper.js Placement documentation](https://popper.js.org/popper-documentation.html#Popper.placements).
</div>

@### Modifiers

Modifiers are the tool through which you customize Popper.js's behavior. It defines several of its own modifiers to handle things such as flipping, preventing overflow from a boundary element, and positioning the arrow. `Popover` defines a few additional modifiers to support itself. You can even define your own modifiers, and customize the Popper.js defaults, through the `modifiers` prop. (Note: it is not currently possible to configure `Popover`'s modifiers through the `modifiers` prop, nor can you define your own with the same name.)

**Popper.js modifiers, which can be customized via the `modifiers` prop:**

- [`shift`](https://popper.js.org/popper-documentation.html#modifiers..shift) applies the `-start`/`-end` portion of placement
- [`offset`](https://popper.js.org/popper-documentation.html#modifiers..offset) can be configured to move the popper on both axes using a CSS-like syntax
- [`preventOverflow`](https://popper.js.org/popper-documentation.html#modifiers..preventOverflow) prevents the popper from being positioned outside the boundary
- [`keepTogether`](https://popper.js.org/popper-documentation.html#modifiers..keepTogether) ensures the popper stays near to its reference without leaving any gap.
- [`arrow`](https://popper.js.org/popper-documentation.html#modifiers..arrow) computes the arrow position.
- [`flip`](https://popper.js.org/popper-documentation.html#modifiers..flip) flips the popper's placement when it starts to overlap its reference element.
- [`inner`](https://popper.js.org/popper-documentation.html#modifiers..inner) makes the popper flow toward the inner of the reference element (disabled by default).
- [`hide`](https://popper.js.org/popper-documentation.html#modifiers..hide) hides the popper when its reference element is outside of the popper boundaries.
- [`computeStyle`](https://popper.js.org/popper-documentation.html#modifiers..computeStyle) generates the CSS styles to apply to the DOM

**`Popover` modifiers, _which cannot be used by you_:**

- `arrowOffset` moves the popper a little bit to make room for the arrow
- `updatePopoverState` saves off some popper data to `Popover` React state for fancy things

<div class="pt-callout pt-intent-primary pt-icon-info-sign">
    To understand all the Popper.js modifiers available to you, you'll want to read [the Popper.js Modifiers documentation](https://popper.js.org/popper-documentation.html#modifiers).
</div>

@## Tooltip 2.0

`Tooltip2` uses [`Popover2`](#labs.popover-2.0) under the hood. The public API is the same as [`Tooltip`](#core/components/tooltip), though note that the `isDisabled` prop has been renamed to `disabled`.

@reactExample Tooltip2Example

@interface ITooltip2Props
